movistar planet friends i am now
at a computer room he calls himself
the little house
It's pretty dark in here now
I do not spend time now either
this is my cell phone so to say yes and
that's the movistar
one can therefore in en
User Information I have an iphone
I can go to chat rooms like this
now as a shopping mall
then that invites you to do that then you are in
shopping center then you actually see
always be here news
I can not do it now
I have such a fucking quality
on my tricks on my camera yes
as you can because there was so many times yes
and here you can see which friends online
are
with me is now my second too
online I am married to her
Really there is youtube chad chat rooms
games clothes change shopping friends
status and then you can too
we make important children here is because
Something like that you can do this once here
make a month 35 69 99 from the phone and
a week that costs 449 that's me
Much too much air came in november
make lux
yes and that is to a halt msp world
on the iphone
on a cell phone and I'll get it soon
another cellphone then i can do anybody
day so go online in novi sad planet
you are so I am now did not exist
at home and I just wanted that
where I'll do it again then see
we join